i think most small businesses get
websites raw or they're talking to the
wrong website companies
what what what do you think they're
first you know i got a small business
i need to start a website do i do it
myself do i hire someone what are your
couple of suggestions you'd make right
off the bat
there's there's a lot of considerations
alan you're exactly right
and i think one of the there's there's
many mistakes
when it comes to designing a website to
design to building a website and to also
marketing it um and
there's there's so many i could choose
but i think one of the the key takeaways
which is something i'm talking about a
lot right now is
not designing the website for your own
ego so not designing something that you
think
looks great and you're really really
happy with but designing it for your
ideal customers
or the clients that you actually want to
hook through the site
um so what do i mean by that well
essentially i've been guilty of in the
past as well designing sites and what i
think look awesome in terms of the color
schemes
in terms of the main pages the
information that's there how they're set
out how they're laid out
when really we should be thinking about
well ultimately
through both the design the structure
the layout and also the copy
so the messaging that's across the site
is this going to engage my
ideal customer is it going to hook them
is it going to be a value to them
is it going to build trust with them and
ultimately depending on
whether we're selling directly through
the website or whether we want to
generate in
leads or inquiries is it going to
convert them from just browsing
to actually taking the action taking
that step and filling out a contact form
giving us a call or if we're selling
products
making that all important purchase so
we've got to look at it
more from a user respect perspective
than from our own our own views if that
makes sense
um didn't really answer your question
but gave us a good conversation starting
point
it made a lot of sense because i the the
biggest
mistake i see business owners make even
large companies is
they make the website all pretty and
cute and and wow everybody's going to
claps in the boardroom but
if it takes a cut and you know this
because this came this comes from the
story brand model is
if it takes the human brain more than i
don't know eight seconds to figure out
what you sell they're going to the next
website
they don't want to spend time trying to
figure that out and that's what
people really need to to understand is
you need to hook them that first
first thing that pops up needs to needs
to say stay on my website and this is
why
yeah yeah exactly so from to to go back
to your original question yes you can
do it yourself there's plenty of tools
out there to design build websites
and ultimately it depends whether you've
got the time to
put in the research you've got to speak
to your clients about what they like
what they dislike
build the copy craft all the designs and
do that if you've got the time great
perhaps you've got a marketing team that
can do that for you otherwise
you might need professional help depends
on what resources you've got